If you feel unsure about any of the steps, please ask for my advice and help using the course Q&A,
what I even recommend at this stage, destroy the server instance, create a new server instance and
start the section of the course over again.
It's good practice to repeat the steps of a very important section.
This is a very important section of the course.
You have taken major steps in hardening your server.
Further hardening will continue as we start installing additional packages on the server.
For example, we install Engine X, we they need to harden engine X that we will do as we start installing
additional packages.
The next part of the course involves Engine X, Maria DB and.